Documentation Standard Updates (#26)
fivetran/dbt_snapchat_ads: README.md

</p>

# Snapchat Ads Transformation dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_snapchat_ads/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Snapchat Ads data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/snapchat-ads) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/snapchat-ads#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Snapchat Ads source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_snapchat_ads_source).
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Snapchat Ads data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_snapchat_ads/).
- Enables you to better understand your marketing performance based on different levels of granularity:

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_snapchat_ads/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                    | **Description**                                                                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
<!--section=“snapchat_ads_transformation_model"-->

The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_snapchat_ads/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                    | **Description**                                                                                                        |
```

| [snapchat_ads__campaign_report](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_snapchat_ads/#!/model/model.snapchat_ads.snapchat_ads__campaign_report)    | Each record represents the daily ad performance of each campaign.                                                      |
| [snapchat_ads__ad_report](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_snapchat_ads/#!/model/model.snapchat_ads.snapchat_ads__ad_report)          | Each record represents the daily ad performance of each ad.                                                            |
| [snapchat_ads__url_report](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_snapchat_ads/#!/model/model.snapchat_ads.snapchat_ads__url_report)         | Each record represents the daily ad performance of each ad url.                                                           |
| [snapchat_ads__ad_squad_report](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_snapchat_ads/#!/model/model.snapchat_ads.snapchat_ads__ad_squad_report)    | Each record represents the daily ad performance of each ad squad.

> ## How do I use the dbt package?

Author: ```suggestion

<!--section-end-->

## How do I use the dbt package?
```
